The Great Escape - Installation
===============================

General
-------
The Great Escape is built using GCCSDK. It
requires the modules CallASWI 0.03 and
SharedCLibrary 5.17 or greater to be available in
your !System.

If you don't have them installed you can obtain a
copy from RISC OS Open Ltd's 'System resources'
package, available here:
https://www.riscosopen.org/content/downloads/common

Sound
-----
The Great Escape can play its menu screen music
and make in-game sound effects if your RISC OS
computer has 16-bit audio support. However, the
SharedSoundBuffer module I use to play the sound
requires SharedSound 1.07, or later, which seems
to only exist for relatively recent versions of
RISC OS...

So if you have SharedSound >= 1.07 then use
Configure's System window to merge in the supplied
!System. It contains the SharedSoundBuffer modules
required by the game.

Multiple Games
--------------
You can start up multiple games in this version by
repeatedly clicking on the icon bar icon. I've
left this enabled in this build out of interest,
and to demonstrate that multiple running games
will not interfere with each other.

In practice, due to the structure of the original
game, and RISC OS's lack of threading, multiple
concurrent running games will not currently
cooperate in a smooth manner. The games can be
played, but will be choppy.


Contact
-------
David Thomas
dave@davespace.co.uk
http://www.davespace.co.uk/
